Move docs from quickstart (#88)
cyralinc/terraform-aws-sidecar-ec2: docs/certificates.md

# Configuring certificates for Terraform AWS EC2 sidecars

You can use Cyral's default [sidecar-created
certificate](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/certificates/overview#sidecar-created-certificate) or use a
[custom certificate](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/certificates/overview#custom-certificate) to secure
the communications performed by the sidecar. In this page, we provide
instructions on how to use a custom certificate.

## Use your own certificate

You can use a certificate signed by you or the Certificate Authority of your

> choice. Provide the ARN of the certificate secrets to the sidecar module, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choice. Provide the ARN of the secret containing the certificate to the sidecar module, as
```
